README.md, before:

Route Optimizer \
  The program is a route optimizer where given a graph style map the route is optimized
to give the best and least cost. This is done with two algorithms, the first is A*
and the second is Annealing.

Prerequisites \
  Have a terminal or editor installed to be able to run the program. 

Running the program \
  IDE: \
        1. Download the file from the repository. \
        2. Use an IDE to start a new project and use the downloaded file. \
        3. Run the main class called main.py, where is the simulator of the different tests. \
        4. If you want to change the map you must change the map called romain_map, so that it optimizes
           the route with another map. \
        5. In case you want to change the starting and ending point, do so in the part of the parameters
           given to each of the A * and Annealing algorithms. \
    Terminal: \
        1. Download the file from the repository. \
        2. Use a terminal to run the program and use the downloaded file. \
        3. Run the main class called main.py, where is the simulator of the different tests. \
        4. If you want to change the map you must change the map called romain_map, so that it optimizes
           the route with another map. \
        5. In case you want to change the starting and ending point, do so in the part of the parameters
           given to each of the A * and Annealing algorithms. 

Authors: \
Adrian Galeano \
Gabriel Marengo \
Anthony Marquez

Commit message:

just made sure people have numpy installed

README.md, after:

Route Optimizer \
  The program is a route optimizer where given a graph style map the route is optimized
to give the best and least cost. This is done with two algorithms, the first is A*
and the second is Annealing.

Prerequisites \
  Have a terminal or editor installed to be able to run the program in Python with the numpy library.

Running the program \
  IDE: \
        1. Download the file from the repository. \
        2. Use an IDE to start a new project and use the downloaded file. \
        3. Run the main class called main.py, where is the simulator of the different tests. \
        4. If you want to change the map you must change the map called romain_map, so that it optimizes
           the route with another map. \
        5. In case you want to change the starting and ending point, do so in the part of the parameters
           given to each of the A * and Annealing algorithms. \
    Terminal: \
        1. Download the file from the repository. \
        2. Use a terminal to run the program and use the downloaded file. \
        3. Run the main class called main.py, where is the simulator of the different tests. \
        4. If you want to change the map you must change the map called romain_map, so that it optimizes
           the route with another map. \
        5. In case you want to change the starting and ending point, do so in the part of the parameters
           given to each of the A * and Annealing algorithms. 

Authors: \
Adrian Galeano \
Gabriel Marengo \
Anthony Marquez
